[TreeView] Replace `TransitionComponent` and `TransitionProps` with a `groupTransition` slot (#12336)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-tree-view-v6/migration-tree-view-v6.md

Note that the `slots` prop expects a React component, not the JSX element returned when rendering this component.
:::

### ✅ Use slots to define the group transition

The component used to animate the item children

> is now defined as a slot on the Tree Item component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is now defined as a slot on the `TreeItem` component.
```

Author: We used "Tree Item" on the icon sections above so I followed the same nomenclature :+1:

Reviewer: oh, but you are using "`TreeItem` component" in a section below ... thought this might be the way to go

Author: OK so we are already not consistent...
I'll see to unify everything before merging :+1:

If you were passing a `TransitionComponent` or `TransitionProps` to your Tree Item component,
you need to use the new `groupTransition` slot on this component:

```diff
 <SimpleTreeView>
   <TreeItem
     nodeId="1"
     label="Node 1"
-    TransitionComponent={Fade}
+    slots={{ groupTransition: Fade }}
-    TransitionProps={{ timeout: 600 }}
+    slotProps={{ groupTransition: { timeout: 600 } }}
   />
 </SimpleTreeView>
```

### Rename the `group` class of the `TreeItem` component

> The `group` class of the `TreeItem` component has been renamed to `groupTransition` to match with its new slot name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `group` class of the Tree Item component has been renamed to `groupTransition` to match with its new slot name.
```
